---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "schemas_core_dashboard Data Source - terraform-provider-schemas"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# schemas_core_dashboard (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `annotations` (Attributes) Contains the list of annotations that are associated with the dashboard.
Annotations are used to overlay event markers and overlay event tags on graphs.
Grafana comes with a native annotation store and the ability to add annotation events directly from the graph panel or via the HTTP API.
See https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/dashboards/build-dashboards/annotate-visualizations/ (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--annotations))
- `description` (String) Description of dashboard.
- `editable` (Boolean) Whether a dashboard is editable or not. Defaults to true.
- `fiscal_year_start_month` (Number) The month that the fiscal year starts on.  0 = January, 11 = December. Defaults to 0.
- `gnet_id` (String) ID of a dashboard imported from the https://grafana.com/grafana/dashboards/ portal
- `graph_tooltip` (Number) Configuration of dashboard cursor sync behavior.
Accepted values are 0 (sync turned off), 1 (shared crosshair), 2 (shared crosshair and tooltip). Defaults to 0.
- `links` (Attributes List) Links with references to other dashboards or external websites. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--links))
- `live_now` (Boolean) When set to true, the dashboard will redraw panels at an interval matching the pixel width.
This will keep data "moving left" regardless of the query refresh rate. This setting helps
avoid dashboards presenting stale live data
- `panels` (List of String) List of dashboard panels
- `refresh` (String) Refresh rate of dashboard. Represented via interval string, e.g. "5s", "1m", "1h", "1d".
- `revision` (Number) This property should only be used in dashboards defined by plugins.  It is a quick check
to see if the version has changed since the last time.
- `schema_version` (Number) Version of the JSON schema, incremented each time a Grafana update brings
changes to said schema. Defaults to 36.
- `snapshot` (Attributes) Snapshot options. They are present only if the dashboard is a snapshot. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--snapshot))
- `style` (String) Theme of dashboard.
Default value: dark. Defaults to "dark".
- `tags` (List of String) Tags associated with dashboard.
- `templating` (Attributes) Configured template variables (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--templating))
- `time` (Attributes) Time range for dashboard.
Accepted values are relative time strings like {from: 'now-6h', to: 'now'} or absolute time strings like {from: '2020-07-10T08:00:00.000Z', to: '2020-07-10T14:00:00.000Z'}. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--time))
- `timepicker` (Attributes) Configuration of the time picker shown at the top of a dashboard. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timepicker))
- `timezone` (String) Timezone of dashboard. Accepted values are IANA TZDB zone ID or "browser" or "utc". Defaults to "browser".
- `title` (String) Title of dashboard.
- `uid` (String) Unique dashboard identifier that can be generated by anyone. string (8-40)
- `version` (Number) Version of the dashboard, incremented each time the dashboard is updated.
- `week_start` (String) Day when the week starts. Expressed by the name of the day in lowercase, e.g. "monday".

### Read-Only

- `rendered_json` (String) This datasource rendered as JSON

<a id="nestedatt--annotations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `annotations`

Optional:

- `list` (Attributes List) List of annotations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--annotations--list))

<a id="nestedatt--annotations--list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `annotations.list`

Required:

- `icon_color` (String) Color to use for the annotation event markers
- `name` (String) Name of annotation.

Optional:

- `datasource` (Attributes) Datasource where the annotations data is (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--annotations--list--datasource))
- `enable` (Boolean) When enabled the annotation query is issued with every dashboard refresh. Defaults to true.
- `filter` (Attributes) Filters to apply when fetching annotations (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--annotations--list--filter))
- `hide` (Boolean) Annotation queries can be toggled on or off at the top of the dashboard.
When hide is true, the toggle is not shown in the dashboard. Defaults to false.
- `target` (Attributes) TODO.. this should just be a normal query target (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--annotations--list--target))
- `type` (String) TODO -- this should not exist here, it is based on the --grafana-- datasource

<a id="nestedatt--annotations--list--datasource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `annotations.list.datasource`

Optional:

- `type` (String) The plugin type-id
- `uid` (String) Specific datasource instance


<a id="nestedatt--annotations--list--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `annotations.list.filter`

Optional:

- `exclude` (Boolean) Should the specified panels be included or excluded. Defaults to false.
- `ids` (List of Number) Panel IDs that should be included or excluded


<a id="nestedatt--annotations--list--target"></a>
### Nested Schema for `annotations.list.target`

Required:

- `limit` (Number) Only required/valid for the grafana datasource...
but code+tests is already depending on it so hard to change
- `match_any` (Boolean) Only required/valid for the grafana datasource...
but code+tests is already depending on it so hard to change
- `type` (String) Only required/valid for the grafana datasource...
but code+tests is already depending on it so hard to change

Optional:

- `tags` (List of String) Only required/valid for the grafana datasource...
but code+tests is already depending on it so hard to change




<a id="nestedatt--links"></a>
### Nested Schema for `links`

Required:

- `icon` (String) Icon name to be displayed with the link
- `title` (String) Title to display with the link
- `tooltip` (String) Tooltip to display when the user hovers their mouse over it
- `type` (String) Link type. Accepted values are dashboards (to refer to another dashboard) and link (to refer to an external resource)
- `url` (String) Link URL. Only required/valid if the type is link

Optional:

- `as_dropdown` (Boolean) If true, all dashboards links will be displayed in a dropdown. If false, all dashboards links will be displayed side by side. Only valid if the type is dashboards. Defaults to false.
- `include_vars` (Boolean) If true, includes current template variables values in the link as query params. Defaults to false.
- `keep_time` (Boolean) If true, includes current time range in the link as query params. Defaults to false.
- `tags` (List of String) List of tags to limit the linked dashboards. If empty, all dashboards will be displayed. Only valid if the type is dashboards
- `target_blank` (Boolean) If true, the link will be opened in a new tab. Defaults to false.


<a id="nestedatt--snapshot"></a>
### Nested Schema for `snapshot`

Required:

- `created` (String) Time when the snapshot was created
- `expires` (String) Time when the snapshot expires, default is never to expire
- `external` (Boolean) Is the snapshot saved in an external grafana instance
- `external_url` (String) external url, if snapshot was shared in external grafana instance
- `key` (String) Optional, defined the unique key of the snapshot, required if external is true
- `name` (String) Optional, name of the snapshot
- `org_id` (Number) org id of the snapshot
- `updated` (String) last time when the snapshot was updated
- `user_id` (Number) user id of the snapshot creator

Optional:

- `url` (String) url of the snapshot, if snapshot was shared internally


<a id="nestedatt--templating"></a>
### Nested Schema for `templating`

Optional:

- `list` (Attributes List) List of configured template variables with their saved values along with some other metadata (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--templating--list))

<a id="nestedatt--templating--list"></a>
### Nested Schema for `templating.list`

Required:

- `hide` (Number) Visibility configuration for the variable
- `name` (String) Name of variable
- `type` (String) Type of variable

Optional:

- `all_format` (String) Format to use while fetching all values from data source, eg: wildcard, glob, regex, pipe, etc.
- `current` (Attributes) Shows current selected variable text/value on the dashboard (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--templating--list--current))
- `datasource` (Attributes) Data source used to fetch values for a variable. It can be defined but null. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--templating--list--datasource))
- `description` (String) Description of variable. It can be defined but null.
- `label` (String) Optional display name
- `multi` (Boolean) Whether multiple values can be selected or not from variable value list. Defaults to false.
- `options` (Attributes List) Options that can be selected for a variable. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--templating--list--options))
- `query` (String) JSON-encoded string. Query used to fetch values for a variable
- `refresh` (Number)
- `skip_url_sync` (Boolean) Whether the variable value should be managed by URL query params or not. Defaults to false.

<a id="nestedatt--templating--list--current"></a>
### Nested Schema for `templating.list.current`

Required:

- `text` (String) JSON-encoded string. Text to be displayed for the option
- `value` (String) JSON-encoded string. Value of the option

Optional:

- `selected` (Boolean) Whether the option is selected or not


<a id="nestedatt--templating--list--datasource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `templating.list.datasource`

Optional:

- `type` (String) The plugin type-id
- `uid` (String) Specific datasource instance


<a id="nestedatt--templating--list--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `templating.list.options`

Required:

- `text` (String) JSON-encoded string. Text to be displayed for the option
- `value` (String) JSON-encoded string. Value of the option

Optional:

- `selected` (Boolean) Whether the option is selected or not




<a id="nestedatt--time"></a>
### Nested Schema for `time`

Optional:

- `from` (String) Defaults to "now-6h".
- `to` (String) Defaults to "now".


<a id="nestedatt--timepicker"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timepicker`

Optional:

- `collapse` (Boolean) Whether timepicker is collapsed or not. Has no effect on provisioned dashboard. Defaults to false.
- `enable` (Boolean) Whether timepicker is enabled or not. Has no effect on provisioned dashboard. Defaults to true.
- `hidden` (Boolean) Whether timepicker is visible or not. Defaults to false.
- `refresh_intervals` (List of String) Interval options available in the refresh picker dropdown.
- `time_options` (List of String) Selectable options available in the time picker dropdown. Has no effect on provisioned dashboard.
