---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "grafanaschemas_playlist Data Source - terraform-provider-grafana-schemas"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  TODO description
---

# grafanaschemas_playlist (Data Source)

TODO description



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `interval` (String) Interval sets the time between switching views in a playlist.
FIXME: Is this based on a standardized format or what options are available? Can datemath be used?
- `name` (String) Name of the playlist.
- `uid` (String) Unique playlist identifier. Generated on creation, either by the
creator of the playlist of by the application.

### Optional

- `items` (Attributes List) The ordered list of items that the playlist will iterate over.
FIXME! This should not be optional, but changing it makes the godegen awkward (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

### Read-Only

- `to_json` (String) This datasource rendered as JSON

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Required:

- `type` (String) Type of the item.
- `value` (String) Value depends on type and describes the playlist item.

 - dashboard_by_id: The value is an internal numerical identifier set by Grafana. This
 is not portable as the numerical identifier is non-deterministic between different instances.
 Will be replaced by dashboard_by_uid in the future. (deprecated)
 - dashboard_by_tag: The value is a tag which is set on any number of dashboards. All
 dashboards behind the tag will be added to the playlist.
 - dashboard_by_uid: The value is the dashboard UID

Optional:

- `title` (String) Title is an unused property -- it will be removed in the future


