---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "grafanaschemas_barchartpanelcfg Data Source - terraform-provider-grafana-schemas"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  TODO description
---

# grafanaschemas_barchartpanelcfg (Data Source)

TODO description



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `panel_field_config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--panel_field_config))
- `panel_options` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--panel_options))

### Read-Only

- `to_json` (String) This datasource rendered as JSON

<a id="nestedatt--panel_field_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `panel_field_config`

Optional:

- `axis_centered_zero` (Boolean)
- `axis_color_mode` (String)
- `axis_grid_show` (Boolean)
- `axis_label` (String)
- `axis_placement` (String)
- `axis_soft_max` (Number)
- `axis_soft_min` (Number)
- `axis_width` (Number)
- `fill_opacity` (Number) Controls the fill opacity of the bars.
- `gradient_mode` (String) Set the mode of the gradient fill. Fill gradient is based on the line color. To change the color, use the standard color scheme field option.
Gradient appearance is influenced by the Fill opacity setting.
- `hide_from` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--panel_field_config--hide_from))
- `line_width` (Number) Controls line width of the bars.
- `scale_distribution` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--panel_field_config--scale_distribution))
- `thresholds_style` (Attributes) Threshold rendering (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--panel_field_config--thresholds_style))

<a id="nestedatt--panel_field_config--hide_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `panel_field_config.hide_from`

Required:

- `legend` (Boolean)
- `tooltip` (Boolean)
- `viz` (Boolean)


<a id="nestedatt--panel_field_config--scale_distribution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `panel_field_config.scale_distribution`

Required:

- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `linear_threshold` (Number)
- `log` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--panel_field_config--thresholds_style"></a>
### Nested Schema for `panel_field_config.thresholds_style`

Required:

- `mode` (String)



<a id="nestedatt--panel_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `panel_options`

Required:

- `bar_width` (Number) Controls the width of bars. 1 = Max width, 0 = Min width.
- `full_highlight` (Boolean) Enables mode which highlights the entire bar area and shows tooltip when cursor
hovers over highlighted area
- `group_width` (Number) Controls the width of groups. 1 = max with, 0 = min width.
- `legend` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--panel_options--legend))
- `orientation` (String) Controls the orientation of the bar chart, either vertical or horizontal.
- `show_value` (String) This controls whether values are shown on top or to the left of bars.
- `stacking` (String) Controls whether bars are stacked or not, either normally or in percent mode.
- `tooltip` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--panel_options--tooltip))
- `x_tick_label_max_length` (Number) Sets the max length that a label can have before it is truncated.
- `x_tick_label_rotation` (Number) Controls the rotation of the x axis labels.

Optional:

- `bar_radius` (Number) Controls the radius of each bar.
- `color_by_field` (String) Use the color value for a sibling field to color each bar value.
- `text` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--panel_options--text))
- `x_field` (String) Manually select which field from the dataset to represent the x field.
- `x_tick_label_spacing` (Number) Controls the spacing between x axis labels.
negative values indicate backwards skipping behavior

<a id="nestedatt--panel_options--legend"></a>
### Nested Schema for `panel_options.legend`

Required:

- `calcs` (List of String)
- `display_mode` (String)
- `placement` (String)
- `show_legend` (Boolean)

Optional:

- `as_table` (Boolean)
- `is_visible` (Boolean)
- `sort_by` (String)
- `sort_desc` (Boolean)
- `width` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--panel_options--tooltip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `panel_options.tooltip`

Required:

- `mode` (String)
- `sort` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--panel_options--text"></a>
### Nested Schema for `panel_options.text`

Optional:

- `title_size` (Number) Explicit title text size
- `value_size` (Number) Explicit value text size


