---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "schemas_panel_time_series Data Source - terraform-provider-schemas"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# schemas_panel_time_series (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `datasource` (Attributes) The datasource used in all targets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--datasource))
- `description` (String) Description.
- `field_config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field_config))
- `grid_pos` (Attributes) Grid position. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--grid_pos))
- `interval` (String) The min time interval setting defines a lower limit for the $__interval and $__interval_ms variables.
This value must be formatted as a number followed by a valid time
identifier like: "40s", "3d", etc.
See: https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/panels-visualizations/query-transform-data/#query-options
- `library_panel` (Attributes) Dynamically load the panel (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--library_panel))
- `links` (Attributes List) Panel links.
TODO fill this out - seems there are a couple variants? (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--links))
- `max_data_points` (Number) The maximum number of data points that the panel queries are retrieving.
- `options` (Attributes) options is specified by the Options field in panel
plugin schemas. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options))
- `plugin_version` (String) FIXME this almost certainly has to be changed in favor of scuemata versions
- `repeat` (String) Name of template variable to repeat for.
- `repeat_direction` (String) Direction to repeat in if 'repeat' is set.
"h" for horizontal, "v" for vertical.
TODO this is probably optional. Defaults to "h".
- `repeat_panel_id` (Number) Id of the repeating panel.
- `tags` (List of String) TODO docs
- `targets` (List of String) TODO docs
- `time_from` (String) Overrides the relative time range for individual panels,
which causes them to be different than what is selected in
the dashboard time picker in the top-right corner of the dashboard. You can use this to show metrics from different
time periods or days on the same dashboard.
The value is formatted as time operation like: now-5m (Last 5 minutes), now/d (the day so far),
now-5d/d(Last 5 days), now/w (This week so far), now-2y/y (Last 2 years).
Note: Panel time overrides have no effect when the dashboard’s time range is absolute.
See: https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/panels-visualizations/query-transform-data/#query-options
- `time_shift` (String) Overrides the time range for individual panels by shifting its start and end relative to the time picker.
For example, you can shift the time range for the panel to be two hours earlier than the dashboard time picker setting 2h.
Note: Panel time overrides have no effect when the dashboard’s time range is absolute.
See: https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/panels-visualizations/query-transform-data/#query-options
- `title` (String) Panel title.
- `transformations` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--transformations))
- `transparent` (Boolean) Whether to display the panel without a background. Defaults to false.
- `type` (String) The panel plugin type id. May not be empty. Defaults to "timeseries".

### Read-Only

- `rendered_json` (String) This datasource rendered as JSON

<a id="nestedatt--datasource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `datasource`

Optional:

- `type` (String)
- `uid` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--field_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_config`

Optional:

- `defaults` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field_config--defaults))
- `overrides` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field_config--overrides))

<a id="nestedatt--field_config--defaults"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_config.defaults`

Optional:

- `color` (Attributes) Map values to a display color (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field_config--defaults--color))
- `custom` (Attributes) custom is specified by the FieldConfig field
in panel plugin schemas. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field_config--defaults--custom))
- `decimals` (Number) Significant digits (for display)
- `description` (String) Human readable field metadata
- `display_name` (String) The display value for this field.  This supports template variables blank is auto
- `display_name_from_ds` (String) This can be used by data sources that return and explicit naming structure for values and labels
When this property is configured, this value is used rather than the default naming strategy.
- `filterable` (Boolean) True if data source field supports ad-hoc filters
- `max` (Number)
- `min` (Number)
- `no_value` (String) Alternative to empty string
- `path` (String) An explicit path to the field in the datasource.  When the frame meta includes a path,
This will default to ${frame.meta.path}/${field.name}

When defined, this value can be used as an identifier within the datasource scope, and
may be used to update the results
- `thresholds` (Attributes) Map numeric values to states (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field_config--defaults--thresholds))
- `unit` (String) Numeric Options
- `writeable` (Boolean) True if data source can write a value to the path.  Auth/authz are supported separately

<a id="nestedatt--field_config--defaults--color"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_config.defaults.color`

Required:

- `mode` (String) The main color scheme mode

Optional:

- `fixed_color` (String) Stores the fixed color value if mode is fixed
- `series_by` (String) Some visualizations need to know how to assign a series color from by value color schemes


<a id="nestedatt--field_config--defaults--custom"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_config.defaults.custom`


<a id="nestedatt--field_config--defaults--thresholds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_config.defaults.thresholds`

Required:

- `mode` (String)

Optional:

- `steps` (Attributes List) Must be sorted by 'value', first value is always -Infinity (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field_config--defaults--thresholds--steps))

<a id="nestedatt--field_config--defaults--thresholds--steps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_config.defaults.thresholds.steps`

Required:

- `color` (String) Color represents the color of the visual change that will occur in the dashboard when the threshold value is met or exceeded.

Optional:

- `index` (Number) Threshold index, an old property that is not needed an should only appear in older dashboards
- `state` (String) TODO docs
TODO are the values here enumerable into a disjunction?
Some seem to be listed in typescript comment
- `value` (Number) Value represents a specified metric for the threshold, which triggers a visual change in the dashboard when this value is met or exceeded.
FIXME the corresponding typescript field is required/non-optional, but nulls currently appear here when serializing -Infinity to JSON




<a id="nestedatt--field_config--overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_config.overrides`

Optional:

- `matcher` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field_config--overrides--matcher))
- `properties` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field_config--overrides--properties))

<a id="nestedatt--field_config--overrides--matcher"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_config.overrides.matcher`


<a id="nestedatt--field_config--overrides--properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_config.overrides.properties`




<a id="nestedatt--grid_pos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `grid_pos`

Optional:

- `h` (Number) Panel. Defaults to 9.
- `static` (Boolean) Whether the panel is fixed within the grid
- `w` (Number) Panel. Defaults to 12.
- `x` (Number) Panel x. Defaults to 0.
- `y` (Number) Panel y. Defaults to 0.


<a id="nestedatt--library_panel"></a>
### Nested Schema for `library_panel`

Required:

- `name` (String)
- `uid` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--links"></a>
### Nested Schema for `links`

Required:

- `icon` (String) Icon name to be displayed with the link
- `title` (String) Title to display with the link
- `tooltip` (String) Tooltip to display when the user hovers their mouse over it
- `type` (String) Link type. Accepted values are dashboards (to refer to another dashboard) and link (to refer to an external resource)
- `url` (String) Link URL. Only required/valid if the type is link

Optional:

- `as_dropdown` (Boolean) If true, all dashboards links will be displayed in a dropdown. If false, all dashboards links will be displayed side by side. Only valid if the type is dashboards. Defaults to false.
- `include_vars` (Boolean) If true, includes current template variables values in the link as query params. Defaults to false.
- `keep_time` (Boolean) If true, includes current time range in the link as query params. Defaults to false.
- `tags` (List of String) List of tags to limit the linked dashboards. If empty, all dashboards will be displayed. Only valid if the type is dashboards
- `target_blank` (Boolean) If true, the link will be opened in a new tab. Defaults to false.


<a id="nestedatt--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options`


<a id="nestedatt--transformations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `transformations`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean) Disabled transformations are skipped
- `filter` (Attributes) Optional frame matcher.  When missing it will be applied to all results (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--transformations--filter))

<a id="nestedatt--transformations--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `transformations.filter`


