---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "schemas_panel_alert_groups Data Source - terraform-provider-schemas"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# schemas_panel_alert_groups (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `datasource` (Attributes) The datasource used in all targets. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--datasource))
- `description` (String) Panel description.
- `field_config` (Attributes) Field options allow you to change how the data is displayed in your visualizations. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field_config))
- `grid_pos` (Attributes) Grid position. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--grid_pos))
- `interval` (String) The min time interval setting defines a lower limit for the $__interval and $__interval_ms variables.
This value must be formatted as a number followed by a valid time
identifier like: "40s", "3d", etc.
See: https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/panels-visualizations/query-transform-data/#query-options
- `library_panel` (Attributes) Dynamically load the panel (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--library_panel))
- `links` (Attributes List) Panel links. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--links))
- `max_data_points` (Number) The maximum number of data points that the panel queries are retrieving.
- `options` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options))
- `plugin_version` (String) The version of the plugin that is used for this panel. This is used to find the plugin to display the panel and to migrate old panel configs.
- `repeat` (String) Name of template variable to repeat for.
- `repeat_direction` (String) Direction to repeat in if 'repeat' is set.
h for horizontal, v for vertical. Defaults to "h".
- `repeat_panel_id` (Number) Id of the repeating panel.
- `tags` (List of String) Tags for the panel.
- `targets` (List of String) Depends on the panel plugin. See the plugin documentation for details.
- `time_from` (String) Overrides the relative time range for individual panels,
which causes them to be different than what is selected in
the dashboard time picker in the top-right corner of the dashboard. You can use this to show metrics from different
time periods or days on the same dashboard.
The value is formatted as time operation like: now-5m (Last 5 minutes), now/d (the day so far),
now-5d/d(Last 5 days), now/w (This week so far), now-2y/y (Last 2 years).
Note: Panel time overrides have no effect when the dashboard’s time range is absolute.
See: https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/panels-visualizations/query-transform-data/#query-options
- `time_shift` (String) Overrides the time range for individual panels by shifting its start and end relative to the time picker.
For example, you can shift the time range for the panel to be two hours earlier than the dashboard time picker setting 2h.
Note: Panel time overrides have no effect when the dashboard’s time range is absolute.
See: https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/panels-visualizations/query-transform-data/#query-options
- `title` (String) Panel title.
- `transformations` (Attributes List) List of transformations that are applied to the panel data before rendering.
When there are multiple transformations, Grafana applies them in the order they are listed.
Each transformation creates a result set that then passes on to the next transformation in the processing pipeline. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--transformations))
- `transparent` (Boolean) Whether to display the panel without a background. Defaults to false.
- `type` (String) The panel plugin type id. This is used to find the plugin to display the panel. Defaults to "alertGroups".

### Read-Only

- `rendered_json` (String) This datasource rendered as JSON

<a id="nestedatt--datasource"></a>
### Nested Schema for `datasource`

Optional:

- `type` (String) The plugin type-id
- `uid` (String) Specific datasource instance


<a id="nestedatt--field_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_config`

Optional:

- `defaults` (Attributes) Defaults are the options applied to all fields. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field_config--defaults))
- `overrides` (Attributes List) Overrides are the options applied to specific fields overriding the defaults. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field_config--overrides))

<a id="nestedatt--field_config--defaults"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_config.defaults`

Optional:

- `color` (Attributes) Panel color configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field_config--defaults--color))
- `custom` (Attributes) custom is specified by the FieldConfig field
in panel plugin schemas. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field_config--defaults--custom))
- `decimals` (Number) Specify the number of decimals Grafana includes in the rendered value.
If you leave this field blank, Grafana automatically truncates the number of decimals based on the value.
For example 1.1234 will display as 1.12 and 100.456 will display as 100.
To display all decimals, set the unit to String.
- `description` (String) Human readable field metadata
- `display_name` (String) The display value for this field.  This supports template variables blank is auto
- `display_name_from_ds` (String) This can be used by data sources that return and explicit naming structure for values and labels
When this property is configured, this value is used rather than the default naming strategy.
- `filterable` (Boolean) True if data source field supports ad-hoc filters
- `mappings` (Attributes List) Convert input values into a display string (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field_config--defaults--mappings))
- `max` (Number) The maximum value used in percentage threshold calculations. Leave blank for auto calculation based on all series and fields.
- `min` (Number) The minimum value used in percentage threshold calculations. Leave blank for auto calculation based on all series and fields.
- `no_value` (String) Alternative to empty string
- `path` (String) An explicit path to the field in the datasource.  When the frame meta includes a path,
This will default to ${frame.meta.path}/${field.name}

When defined, this value can be used as an identifier within the datasource scope, and
may be used to update the results
- `thresholds` (Attributes) Map numeric values to states (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field_config--defaults--thresholds))
- `unit` (String) Unit a field should use. The unit you select is applied to all fields except time.
You can use the units ID availables in Grafana or a custom unit.
Available units in Grafana: https://github.com/grafana/grafana/blob/main/packages/grafana-data/src/valueFormats/categories.ts
As custom unit, you can use the following formats:
suffix:<suffix> for custom unit that should go after value.
prefix:<prefix> for custom unit that should go before value.
time:<format> For custom date time formats type for example time:YYYY-MM-DD.
si:<base scale><unit characters> for custom SI units. For example: si: mF. This one is a bit more advanced as you can specify both a unit and the source data scale. So if your source data is represented as milli (thousands of) something prefix the unit with that SI scale character.
count:<unit> for a custom count unit.
currency:<unit> for custom a currency unit.
- `writeable` (Boolean) True if data source can write a value to the path. Auth/authz are supported separately

<a id="nestedatt--field_config--defaults--color"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_config.defaults.color`

Required:

- `mode` (String) The main color scheme mode.

Optional:

- `fixed_color` (String) The fixed color value for fixed or shades color modes.
- `series_by` (String) Some visualizations need to know how to assign a series color from by value color schemes.


<a id="nestedatt--field_config--defaults--custom"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_config.defaults.custom`


<a id="nestedatt--field_config--defaults--mappings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_config.defaults.mappings`

Optional:

- `range_map` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field_config--defaults--mappings--range_map))
- `regex_map` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field_config--defaults--mappings--regex_map))
- `special_value_map` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field_config--defaults--mappings--special_value_map))
- `value_map` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field_config--defaults--mappings--value_map))

<a id="nestedatt--field_config--defaults--mappings--range_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_config.defaults.mappings.value_map`

Required:

- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `options` (Attributes) Range to match against and the result to apply when the value is within the range (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field_config--defaults--mappings--value_map--options))

<a id="nestedatt--field_config--defaults--mappings--value_map--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_config.defaults.mappings.value_map.options`

Required:

- `from` (String) Min value of the range. It can be null which means -Infinity
- `to` (String) Max value of the range. It can be null which means +Infinity

Optional:

- `result` (Attributes) Config to apply when the value is within the range (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field_config--defaults--mappings--value_map--options--result))

<a id="nestedatt--field_config--defaults--mappings--value_map--options--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_config.defaults.mappings.value_map.options.result`

Optional:

- `color` (String) Text to use when the value matches
- `icon` (String) Icon to display when the value matches. Only specific visualizations.
- `index` (Number) Position in the mapping array. Only used internally.
- `text` (String) Text to display when the value matches




<a id="nestedatt--field_config--defaults--mappings--regex_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_config.defaults.mappings.value_map`

Required:

- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `options` (Attributes) Regular expression to match against and the result to apply when the value matches the regex (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field_config--defaults--mappings--value_map--options))

<a id="nestedatt--field_config--defaults--mappings--value_map--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_config.defaults.mappings.value_map.options`

Required:

- `pattern` (String) Regular expression to match against

Optional:

- `result` (Attributes) Config to apply when the value matches the regex (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field_config--defaults--mappings--value_map--options--result))

<a id="nestedatt--field_config--defaults--mappings--value_map--options--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_config.defaults.mappings.value_map.options.result`

Optional:

- `color` (String) Text to use when the value matches
- `icon` (String) Icon to display when the value matches. Only specific visualizations.
- `index` (Number) Position in the mapping array. Only used internally.
- `text` (String) Text to display when the value matches




<a id="nestedatt--field_config--defaults--mappings--special_value_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_config.defaults.mappings.value_map`

Required:

- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `options` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field_config--defaults--mappings--value_map--options))

<a id="nestedatt--field_config--defaults--mappings--value_map--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_config.defaults.mappings.value_map.options`

Required:

- `match` (String) Special value to match against

Optional:

- `result` (Attributes) Config to apply when the value matches the special value (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field_config--defaults--mappings--value_map--options--result))

<a id="nestedatt--field_config--defaults--mappings--value_map--options--result"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_config.defaults.mappings.value_map.options.result`

Optional:

- `color` (String) Text to use when the value matches
- `icon` (String) Icon to display when the value matches. Only specific visualizations.
- `index` (Number) Position in the mapping array. Only used internally.
- `text` (String) Text to display when the value matches




<a id="nestedatt--field_config--defaults--mappings--value_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_config.defaults.mappings.value_map`

Required:

- `type` (String)

Optional:

- `options` (Attributes Map) Map with <value_to_match>: ValueMappingResult. For example: { "10": { text: "Perfection!", color: "green" } } (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field_config--defaults--mappings--value_map--options))

<a id="nestedatt--field_config--defaults--mappings--value_map--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_config.defaults.mappings.value_map.options`

Optional:

- `color` (String) Text to use when the value matches
- `icon` (String) Icon to display when the value matches. Only specific visualizations.
- `index` (Number) Position in the mapping array. Only used internally.
- `text` (String) Text to display when the value matches




<a id="nestedatt--field_config--defaults--thresholds"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_config.defaults.thresholds`

Required:

- `mode` (String) Thresholds mode.

Optional:

- `steps` (Attributes List) Must be sorted by 'value', first value is always -Infinity (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field_config--defaults--thresholds--steps))

<a id="nestedatt--field_config--defaults--thresholds--steps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_config.defaults.thresholds.steps`

Required:

- `color` (String) Color represents the color of the visual change that will occur in the dashboard when the threshold value is met or exceeded.
- `value` (String) Value represents a specified metric for the threshold, which triggers a visual change in the dashboard when this value is met or exceeded.
Nulls currently appear here when serializing -Infinity to JSON.




<a id="nestedatt--field_config--overrides"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_config.overrides`

Optional:

- `matcher` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field_config--overrides--matcher))
- `properties` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--field_config--overrides--properties))

<a id="nestedatt--field_config--overrides--matcher"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_config.overrides.matcher`


<a id="nestedatt--field_config--overrides--properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `field_config.overrides.properties`




<a id="nestedatt--grid_pos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `grid_pos`

Optional:

- `h` (Number) Panel height. The height is the number of rows from the top edge of the panel. Defaults to 9.
- `static` (Boolean) Whether the panel is fixed within the grid. If true, the panel will not be affected by other panels' interactions
- `w` (Number) Panel width. The width is the number of columns from the left edge of the panel. Defaults to 12.
- `x` (Number) Panel x. The x coordinate is the number of columns from the left edge of the grid. Defaults to 0.
- `y` (Number) Panel y. The y coordinate is the number of rows from the top edge of the grid. Defaults to 0.


<a id="nestedatt--library_panel"></a>
### Nested Schema for `library_panel`

Required:

- `name` (String) Library panel name
- `uid` (String) Library panel uid


<a id="nestedatt--links"></a>
### Nested Schema for `links`

Required:

- `icon` (String) Icon name to be displayed with the link
- `title` (String) Title to display with the link
- `tooltip` (String) Tooltip to display when the user hovers their mouse over it
- `type` (String) Link type. Accepted values are dashboards (to refer to another dashboard) and link (to refer to an external resource)
- `url` (String) Link URL. Only required/valid if the type is link

Optional:

- `as_dropdown` (Boolean) If true, all dashboards links will be displayed in a dropdown. If false, all dashboards links will be displayed side by side. Only valid if the type is dashboards. Defaults to false.
- `include_vars` (Boolean) If true, includes current template variables values in the link as query params. Defaults to false.
- `keep_time` (Boolean) If true, includes current time range in the link as query params. Defaults to false.
- `tags` (List of String) List of tags to limit the linked dashboards. If empty, all dashboards will be displayed. Only valid if the type is dashboards
- `target_blank` (Boolean) If true, the link will be opened in a new tab. Defaults to false.


<a id="nestedatt--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options`

Required:

- `alertmanager` (String) Name of the alertmanager used as a source for alerts
- `expand_all` (Boolean) Expand all alert groups by default
- `labels` (String) Comma-separated list of values used to filter alert results


<a id="nestedatt--transformations"></a>
### Nested Schema for `transformations`

Optional:

- `disabled` (Boolean) Disabled transformations are skipped
- `filter` (Attributes) Optional frame matcher. When missing it will be applied to all results (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--transformations--filter))

<a id="nestedatt--transformations--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `transformations.filter`
