---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "schemas_query_prometheus Data Source - terraform-provider-schemas"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# schemas_query_prometheus (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `expr` (String) The actual expression/query that will be evaluated by Prometheus
- `ref_id` (String) A unique identifier for the query within the list of targets.
In server side expressions, the refId is used as a variable name to identify results.
By default, the UI will assign A->Z; however setting meaningful names may be useful.

### Optional

- `editor_mode` (String) Specifies which editor is being used to prepare the query. It can be "code" or "builder"
- `exemplar` (Boolean) Execute an additional query to identify interesting raw samples relevant for the given expr
- `format` (String) Query format to determine how to display data points in panel. It can be "time_series", "table", "heatmap"
- `hide` (Boolean) true if query is disabled (ie should not be returned to the dashboard)
Note this does not always imply that the query should not be executed since
the results from a hidden query may be used as the input to other queries (SSE etc)
- `instant` (Boolean) Returns only the latest value that Prometheus has scraped for the requested time series
- `interval_factor` (Number, Deprecated) @deprecated Used to specify how many times to divide max data points by. We use max data points under query options
See https://github.com/grafana/grafana/issues/48081
- `legend_format` (String) Series name override or template. Ex. {{hostname}} will be replaced with label value for hostname
- `query_type` (String) Specify the query flavor
TODO make this required and give it a default
- `range` (Boolean) Returns a Range vector, comprised of a set of time series containing a range of data points over time for each time series

### Read-Only

- `rendered_json` (String) This datasource rendered as JSON
